Create new readme following wl standard (#498)
topfreegames/maestro: README.md

# Maestro

```
Note

> Version 9 of Maestro is under deprecation it is replaced by Maestro-NEXT (on main branch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 9 of Maestro is under deprecation and should not be used for new games. New games should use Maestro-NEXT (on main branch).
```

However, after that period, the version will no longer receive any updates.
```

Maestro is an unified system that automatically scales game rooms regardless of the protocol (TCP, UDP). This system is related to a matchmaker but does not handle the specificities of a match such as how many players fit in a room. It only deals with high level room occupation, i.e. is the room occupied or available.

## What does the Maestro do?

Maestro is a game room scheduler that is composed by a controller, a watcher, a worker, an API and a CLI.

## What problem is solved?

Maestro provides the ability for game teams to deploy Game Room Unities (GRUs) in an easy way. And the possibility to configure a more efficient allocation strategy to its GRUs. With that is expected that costs saved and less money lost with the game infrastructure.

## Recommended Integration Phase: Alpha

Usually, each game has its own time to include multiplayer feature, so generally is recommended to include it into the project during alpha.
If multuiplayer GRUs is required during prototyping, this module should be included in the prototyping phase as well.

## Dependencies

> Maestro depends only infrastructure services to operate, the most required is a Kubernetes cluster where Maestro resides.

Reviewer: @arthur29 this section relates to other modules' dependencies only, you can mention, for example, that if the user opt to use events forwarding, an external matchmaking service dependency is required
